h1. FlatRep

FlatRep is Flat repository. Make CRUD data in FILE with PHP (Codeigniter) noSQL
The data will be save into a file with json and encripted with blowfish algoritm

h1. What We Can Do

With Flatrep we can :

* Read Data
* Insert Data
* Update Data
* Delete Data
* Search Data
* Sorting Data
* Limited Data 

h1. How to Use

h3. Installation

* In Codeigniter, Adding to libraries folder and load it (Recomended in autoload.php)
* In pure PHP, Add to spesific folder(whatever) and  Instance this class. 


h3. FlatRep Configuration

This config use in Codeigniter. Adding config in construct

@$conf['repo'] = '';@
This is path Repository that refer to spesific folder which one to save a file (Imagine this is our Database). 

@$conf['key'] = '';@
FlatRep use a Key to encript file data.

@$this->flatrep->config($conf);@
This method use to Execute this configuration. 


Example :

<b>With a Key</b>
<pre>

$conf['repo'] = "assets/conf/";
$conf['key'] = "omapslab";
$this->flatrep->config($conf);
</pre> 

<b>Without a Key</b>
<pre>

$conf['repo'] = "assets/conf/";
$this->flatrep->config($conf);
</pre>


h3. File Data 

Initial the file that use to save data with this:

@$this->flatrep->file($filename);@

@$filename@ is the name of file

Example:

@$this->flatrep->file("slider_conf");@ 

(Imagine this is Our Table)



h3. Insert Data (Create)

@$this->flatrep->create($get_column);@

Just Perpare Column
The column there must be @$column['__repid']@ that will be primary key 
Fill  @$column['__repid']@ with @$this->flatrep->get_insert_id()@ to get last ID (autoincrement)

<b>Perpare Column with this structure</b>

<pre>
$column['__repid'] = $this->flatrep->get_insert_id();
$column['..key..'] = '..value..';
$get_column[] = $column;
</pre>

Example:
<pre>

$column['__repid'] = $this->flatrep->get_insert_id();
$column['name'] = 'Omapslab';
$column['email'] = 'agusprasetyo811@gmail.com';
$get_column[] = $column;

$this->flatrep->file("sldconf");
$this->flatrep->create($get_column);
</pre>



h3. View data (Read) 

View the data with @$this->flatrep->read()@
This method will be return json Data


Example: 
<pre>

$this->flatrep->file("sldconf");
echo $this->flatrep->read();
</pre>


h3. View Data with Sorting Data

Use this @$this->flatrep->sortir($sort_type, $key_in);@ to sortir data

@$sort_type@  is sortir type is ASC or DESC
@$key_in@  is the key that use to sort

<b>Sort Type</b>
* SORT_ASC = Sort Asceding
* SORT_DEC = Sort Desceding

Example:
<pre>

$this->flatrep->file("sldconf");
$this->flatrep->sortir(SORT_ASC, '__repid');
echo $this->flatrep->read());
</pre>





 

